Q1.What is Git?
It is a free, high-quality distributed version control system suitable for tracking modifications in source code in software development. It was originally created as an open-source system for coordinating tasks among programmers, but today it is widely used to track changes in any set of files.

The key objectives of Git are as follows:
Speed and efficiency
Data integrity
Support for distributed and non-linear workflows

What Is GitHub?
i.It is a web-based Git repository.
ii.This hosting service has cloud-based storage.
iii.GitHub offers all distributed version control and source code management functionality of Git while adding its own features. It makes it easier to collaborate using Git. 

Git and GitHub Operate Completely Differently
Git vs GitHub difference is in their functionality. 
While they both provide source code management (SCM) and make merging and sharing code easier, this is pretty much where their similarities end. 
Think of Git as a single computer and GitHub as a network of multiple interconnected computers, all with the same end goal but a wildly different role for how to get there.

Q2.Explain very briefly any 5 basic git commands?
git config-global user.name “[name]”This command sets the author name and email address respectively to be used with your commits.
git init-[repository name]=This command is used to start a new repository.
git clone-[url]=This command is used to obtain a repository from an existing URL.
git add-
Usage: git add [file]
git commit
Usage: git commit -m “[ Type in the commit message]”
Q3.How to make a Pull Request?
I.On GitHub.com, navigate to the main page of the repository.
II.In the "Branch" menu, choose the branch that contains your commits.
III.Above the list of files, click  Pull request.
IV.Use the base branch dropdown menu to select the branch you'd like to merge your changes into, then use the compare branch drop-down menu to choose the topic branch you made your changes in.
V.Type a title and description for your pull request.
VI.To create a pull request that is ready for review, click Create Pull Request. To create a draft pull request, use the drop-down and select Create Draft Pull Request, then click Draft Pull Request. For more information about draft pull requests, see "About pull requests."
VII.After your pull request has been reviewed, it can be merged into the repository
